When you rename the folder, also change this line in paths.gd :
const MYFILENAME = "Realmz Remake/"

FOR IMAGE STORAGE :

In 3.0, you can create a PoolByteArray the same way you build a Vector2, Color or Rect2:
var array = PoolByteArray()  Beware though, these use copy-on-write, unlike arrays made with [].

TRAITS :  in item files, if a trait name ends with .gd it shares for a standard Trait in the shared assets filder inside realmz. in chara file, same, and they dont need source.



TODO :


Change playercharacter.gd and race/classgd level_up() to set_level(l:int)

Saving : should copy all thhe campaign's mapdata  in case it's modified ? or only some maps ?  ADD A CANBEMODIFIED bool variable to maps !

movement / weight decrease : make not linear ? quadratic with dm(w)/dw(0)=0

PROBMEM : savig the game should save copies of the maps too in case they were changed by script. Make sure the resources maps_book is updated along with the current Map node in Main !

On newcampaign/swapcharaceter : check for characters used in other saves, add a "WARNING"  label to their panel. Have a Setting option to lock them.

Add a Unique Item field to item dicts in Resources



cross scenario storage, send Unique Items there if you already have one (option)n 

A menu for Maps and Key Items  (locked to save)

shops : add shops data to campaigns
shop UI : add a second display mode for smallitembutton i ninventory
shop ui : make a ItemInfoPanel scene, make it appear on the other side of item

Money menu :  implement Pool and Share
adda Money button in the Treasure Loot menu
OK	A way to pick one/several of your characters for some scripts.
OK	Re ordering your characters
OK	Swapping characters
OK	Inventory nd trade keyboard controls
OK	Inventory Split/Join
OK	Item looting
Detect Magic Items in loot and inventory
OK 	Options/Settings menu
OK 	Music
Bestiary menu
OK	Passive effects/Traits for characters from race/class/equipment
OK	Simple yes/no  "Go Away" button for multiple choice menus.
OK	Enforce weight limits
when loading character,  level them up to !
Spells Menu / Inventory
IN PROGRESS	Special Encounters menu
OK	Darkness and Torches/Shine 
 (adda  turn off light button)
OK	Camping button/command
An easy way to make mobile Action Points or icons
A global ScriptLibrary for use in item/campaign scripts
OK	Transitions between maps
OK Load character's inventory too (in Utils and PlayerCharacter)
Money and jewels/gems.
Saving/Loading games !
OK Allow trait scripts for items to just reference a  default script
OK REFRESH TRADE INVENTORY PANEL WHEN USING AN ITEM with rightclick  TOO fixed
OK	Saving : Save traits variables too !
OK	temp  unequip equipment befor saving so their traits are not saved
In new game menu/swap, flag characterswho are already in use in another save
Add setting for  walk speed, weight limit, item limit, unique item limit, weight mov penalty



Then I should be ready to start working on combat. Someday.


I don't know if I will create a menu to select the music you want or if I'll just let you move and rename the files, though.
Mouse control for map !
Then I will make a thing that keeps track of the time. It will be used very often for things like HP/MP regeneration, status conditions and calling other scripts.
Then I will finish character creation (the menu is almost empty for now) and data, then probably save/load game...
What has slowed me down for the characters part is that I am STILL not sure what stats we will keep/remove/add. The exact stats for each class/race can always be tweaked later.
Then I will make scripts for the exploration mode (which includes staus conditions) . They are not as complicated as combat scripts. I hope Francisco's advice and comments will be enough to guide me !
Next will come items and spells...
The Combat mode will come when I'm done with everything else, including the user interface. I already made a turn based top view combat system before, so I'm not too worried about that part.